yo everyone return here on day two of
the 2014 European spring split I'm Jenna
with the fantasy support very all-star a
dream start for you going 30 till now
and to play the guests of your hardest
operas probably gonna get Alliance and
porn ball games do you expect those
without coming into the LCS we we knew
that it was gonna be tough and yeah it
was yes Alliance but he has gone beat it
was fine because we managed to add a
really good start and then we can just
noble with a really good action on top
and then they could come back since that
but against Alliance we had much more
clever than I think they did a lot of
mistakes and we play really good as a
team and I think that's what gave us
away what did you work on since the fall
line was in the back of the 20 to get
this boot is a short time come I think
something was missing because on the
paper we have really good players but
since then we practice more efficiently
I mean we were working on what was wrong
and 90 at the Battle of the Atlantic we
were prepared but not enough we write
down all the music speedy and we work on
them and I think now we are ready and I
think we're playing good none yeah so I
was starting to ask how is the synergy
going on now between reckless sent you
but since you still haven't died nine
that neither of you in three games I
guess it's obvious it's treatable yeah I
think at the Battle of the Atlantic both
I had no problem at all we were already
other in Portland they were really far
behind but it was mainly a team problem
and we wish we had to solve and now I
think it's done but we still have to
improve a lot and we will still work on
that I saw with the plan for fanatic to
win the third split in a row I hope so
but we know that Alliance chokes really
are at the beginning and we know that
they are come stronger if they don't go
down but I believe that they will
improve a lot maybe they have no clue
because it's a first time they play as a
team and firstly playing the LCS and
they maybe didn't really prepare
correctly and now they just write down
what did you wrong and ya next time they
become stronger but as I said finally we
be here do you think that allows me you
were a bit overconfident because
everyone was so hyped about them yeah I
think they had a lot of pressure first
of all but they feel really prepared and
confident and you know we fed the same
at the Battle of the 20 we were winning
you're loading screens but this doesn't
really mean anything and then once
you're confident you know maybe not
under estimating gym but you play may be
overconfident and this is not good at
all and yeah okay will realize that
there is 30 teams are really strong now
and they were just work on it you just
say it against SD gaming and the figure
was your first time playing against your
ex both a partner and rated the support
player how is the matchup for you I
think they didn't really want to face up
straight to be do because when I really
sort of composition I know what they
to do and now were livin when they try
to outsmart us i would say but he didn't
work and I don't know I feel like I'm
right it is not as good at he was before
because he's played for so long now and
I believe that he will become stronger
later on and yeah I think it was good
for us all wrong you if plate like six
months support now and I think really
really good now compared to the other
support players who have played support
for three years or something how did you
get to the stop now um I think I have a
good understanding of the game i played
both lines in three years and I know
what lady Carey expect from the support
and now would I support even stronger
than before so I would say almost at the
support is the carry guy of the botlane
early game and I don't know I just want
to improve and I wanna show people that
we did the good things that I sought to
support and yeah I'm really happy with
that and I hope that people are happy
with that now because I got a lot of
trash talk at the beginning and I have
to admit that I was not on point and I
had to work a lot on that and that's
what I did for worse and I effect ready
for that yeah you have played three
years already do you think that you
would still be playing league of legends
three years ago of course when you start
again you have no idea and how it's
gonna go how big is gonna get and when
when I had the opportunity to go for to
become
I stopped the status i stopped
university even if i was in the second
grade of cash flow and yeah I talk a lot
to my parents to my friends and they
were like this is one time change your
life so you should just take it and even
if you can play for a lot for so long
and if you're not at the top level again
we know that if you play if you wanna
train and you have motivation we were
able to and y am really happy that they
push me to this way and yeah it's like
toes definitely the right choice and
they were a lot of Claire's last season
we have played as long as you not switch
to managing and coaching positions is
that something that you have thought
about or ears too eager to be on the big
stage as long as I can play I mean on
little problem I will stay here because
I really enjoy the game i really enjoy
playing and i'm playing C's few years
already and as long as I can stay I will
play okay thank you very much for this
interview and best of work in the rest
of your nails thank you